- This isn't working.
We've been at this forever,
and it hasn't moved an inch.
- Come on,
don't give up so quickly.
- 45 minutes is hardly quickly.
- Okay, okay.
Just one more time, okay?
And, like, concentrate.
[crunching]
- You mind?
- Oh, sorry.
I'm just a little hungry.
- I think we hallucinated
the brush floating.
- Yeah?
What about all the
plastic hearts in your closet?
- Maybe the moving company
put them there.
- Yup.
They snuck in
and filled your closet
with plastic hearts.
Look, I have an idea.
- I'm not sure
I want to hear this.
- No, look,
we're just gonna do
a reenactment of the incident,
like they do on TV.
- You mean you're going to
let me put makeup on you again?
- Fat chance.
This time,
everything's make-believe.
Okay, so, uh,
I was sitting here,
and you were next to me,
and you said,
"Maddie and her mom came over,
and blah, blah, blah."
- I don't sound like that.
- Yeah, you do.
And, uh, what happened next?
- Then I said,
"Where'd I put that brush?"
then you said, "Aah!"
- Yeah,
I'm pretty sure that was you.
- Either way, we just proved
I couldn't do it again,
so that solves it.
I am not a witch.
FRANCISCO: Girls,
it's time for school.
- I can't go!
What if I am a witch?
- Look, being a witch
could be, like,
the ultimate social power card.
With your powers
and my wicked brains,
we'll rule the school.
[upbeat pop music]
WOMAN: ♪ I cast a spell ♪
♪ It takes a hold of you ♪
♪ I see my dreams ♪
♪ And they're all
coming true ♪
♪ Come on ♪
♪ Let's go ♪
♪ You and me together ♪
♪ Look up ahead ♪
♪ There's a magical adventure ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm trying
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ I'm going
every witch way ♪
♪ Ay-ay-ay-ay-ay ♪
♪ Every witch way ♪
[laughter]
- Did I win the race, Coach?
- Oh, yeah, Daniel, you won.
- You snooze, you lose.
- Whoa, kids, settle down.
It's only 7:15.
You have another 12 hours or so
to wreak havoc.
Pace yourselves.
- Robbie, Mel, Tommy,
in the car.
It's time for school.
- See you.
- Bye.
[knock on door]
- Maddie Winky,
you're gonna be late for school.
What's taking you so long?
- Ugh, worst night ever.
I had nightmares that Daniel
and smoothie girl
were together,
and they kept dumping smoothies
all over my head.
- Aww. Well, did you talk
to Daniel last night?
- No.
He wouldn't respond
to any of my e-messages.
- Did you try sending him
one of those e-musical medleys
with the romantic songs?
- No.
I should have thought of that.
Anyway, I realized that I have
the power to get Daniel back
and get rid of smoothie girl
all at the same time.
- Oh, oh, oh, oh,
Maddie,
I knew you'd figure it out
on your own.
Sweetie, you are going
to make a fantastic witch.
- Mom, how could you say that
about me?
- Oh, no.
Um, uh, wait.
When you say you have
the "power" to get Daniel back,
what do you mean?
- That I have the power
to ridicule smoothie girl
in front of Daniel
and the whole school.
What did you think I meant?
- You are 14 years old.
It's time you knew the truth
about the Van Pelts.
- If you're talking about
how Grandma Lydia
likes to keep random things
in mason jars...
- No, no, no.
Oh, there's just no other way
to say this.
Maddie, we are witches,
real life witches.
- [gasps]
Witches?
Oh, Mother, we are?
- Yes, Maddie, and you--
- And I have the craziest mother
of all.
Witches?
Please.
- Now, how are you at rhyming?
Because you know
you have to rhyme to spell.
[laughing]
- Oh, my gosh.
- Maddie, I don't think
those shoes fit you right.
Let me try them on.
- I'm so tired.
I can't even add.
- That's always
been an issue for you.
Remember second grade?
What's 2 plus 2?
- Funny.
- Sharks, let's not
turn on each other, okay?
We're all in the same boat.
- And it's sinking
thanks to you.
You couldn't have waited
till after the test
to break up with Maddie?
- And what if one of us fails?
The Sharks are donezo.
- Don't worry.
We'll think of something.
We just need some extra time
to study.
- Yeah, and how do you propose
we get some of that?
- Wait, I think
Daniel's on to something.
- Daniel's on to what?
- Uh, Daniel is on
to the final selection round
of  World's Wildest
Ninja Warrior.
- I know you're always
up to something.
One more slipup,
and the Sharks
are on the extinction list.
- Maybe you need,
like, a wand or something.
- You're really into this,
I mean, for someone
who was terrified last night.
- You have a giant zit
on your nose.
- [screams]
No, I don't.
- [laughs]
See you after class.
[light music]
♪ ♪
- Your mom
has always been a little,
you know.
- Hey, I'm the only one
who can call my mom...
- Well,
I think she sounds crazy.
- Didn't I
turn Katie's hair blue?
- So if you were a witch,
how would it work?
- I'm not sure.
I wasn't really
paying any attention.
I think she said that
the spells have to rhyme.
- That'd be really cliché,
but let's find out.
Turn Sophie
into a pair of shoes.
- I'll start with something
a little less drastic,
like giving her...huge feet.
What rhymes with feet?
- Street.
- Good one!
- [all gasping]
- Hi, guys.
- It's a brilliant idea.
- Thank you.
- You didn't think of it.
Tony did.
- Guys, guys, wait a sec.
This is just a hypothetical.
- Whoa!
Watch your mouth.
There's girls present.
[clicks tongue]
- No, I wasn't actually
proposing to do it.
- Yeah, but it's perfect
'cause we have chemistry
right before math.
- Let's do it, guys.
- Yeah.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Hold on.
- What?
- I'm all for helping you guys,
but, uh, I have an upcoming
magic show at The Seven.
- And...
- I need some, uh,
volunteers.
- No.
- Wait, no.
Guys, guys, guys, come on.
- You again?
- What did you hear us say?
- Nothing!
It's hard to make out
what anybody says in here.
There's a really strong echo.
Hello, hello, hello,
[whispers] hello...
- Who said that?
- You're spying on me,
aren't you?
- Just ignore me.
I'm not even here.
Uh, carry on.
You were trying to rhyme.
Let me help.
The word on the street is
that Katie has gigantic feet.
- You were spying on me!
- Uh, Maddie.
- Not right now, Sophie.
I have lives to ruin,
one in particular.
- But look!
- [gasps]
[all screaming]
Okay, let's go through this.
Right before
the end of class...
- I make the smoke.
- Which will...
- Set off the fire alarm.
- And then we'll...
- Miss most of math class.
- Which means we won't be able
to take the test until...
- No wait, I'll get it.
- Oh, I gave you
the easiest one.
- Okay, maybe we still have time
to study.
- You can't back out of this.
It was your girlfriend
that kept us from studying.
- Ex-girlfriend.
ALL: Mm-hmm.
- For good this time.
- Oh, really?
[light music]
♪ ♪
- I'll never find shoes
this size.
- Did you do this?
- I'm so sorry.
- If anyone's going
to cast spells in this school,
it's going to be  moi.
- Cast spells?
I don't know what you're--
[electronic beeping]
- Hey, I'm talking to you.
- Hey, let go.
It's my phone.
Ah, that's it.
- Tony, that is not gonna do.
- Yeah, I mean, if we want
to get out of our math test,
we're gonna need
something strong.
- No, no, no, no, no!
- Andi, stop, stop!
- Andi, Andi,
what are you doing?
[high-pitch whistling]
- What's going on back there?
[whistling continues]
ALL: Nothing.
[boom]
- What is that?
- Daniel's my boyfriend.
Get it?
- Got it.
Look, Maddie,
I'm not trying to steal
your boyfriend.
- Good.
You better not be.
Otherwise, I'll--
[sniffing]
- What is that?
It smells rank.
- Where is that coming from?
- Actually, can you
finish your thought?
I'd like to know in advance
what you're thinking
of doing to me.
- Panthers,
let's get outside.
Now.
- And when you solve for "X,"
you get what?
Hmm?
Anyone?
Oh, that's bad.
I've had some bad ones
in my classroom, but that's, oh.
- It's not that, Mr. Alonso.
It's that.
- Okay, everyone,
everyone calmly, calmly,
let's go to the courtyard,
okay?
Calmly.
- Oh, no,
I've got to get out of here.
- It's okay, Gigi.
That smoke is not coming
from a fire.
- I don't care about that.
I've got to get the scoop
on the story behind the smoke.
- Hey, let me out of here.
- Quick,
cast a spell or something.
- I told you
it doesn't work that way.
You have to rhyme,
and rhyming's really hard.
- Come on!
MADDIE: Uh...
never mind the clock
on this door, put a lock.
[gasping]
- That was amazing.
- So it's true.
You really are a witch.
- And my first official
order of business as a witch
is to make Andi pay
for that horrible message.
Why does she hate me so much?
- You sent everyone
cancellation cards
to two of her birthday parties.
- And she fell asleep
in homeroom,
and you shaved her eyebrows off.
- Still, she has no right
to lie about Daniel and I.
Now I need another evil prank
to play on her.
- Hey, Andi,
have you seen Emma?
- No.
- She's missing?
- Why do you care?
I mean,
oh, no.
- Maddie, have you seen her?
- No, Mr. Alonso,
I haven't.
- Is everyone accounted for?
- My daughter's still missing.
- What if she's still in there?
- Help!
- Emma!
Emma!
- Daniel?
Daniel, in here!
- Emma, where are you?
- In the bathroom, Daniel.
- What?
- Daniel, the door's jammed.
- I know this sounds bizarre,
but it's padlocked.
- What?
How?
- Stand back.
I'm knocking it down.
- What?
Wait!
- Come on, you see this
on TV all the time,
and it almost always works.
- Oh, it's so embarrassing.
Of course, I get stuck in here.
I wish I could just disappear.
- Ah!
Emma!
[rock music]
♪ ♪
- Guys, there's Daniel.
- Did you find her?
- Yes.
No. Sort of.
When I...
poof.
- Daniel, you're safe.
You're...
ew, stinky.
- All right, let's call it in.
There goes my perfect record.
I haven't lost a student
in weeks.
- Emma, you're okay...
and wet.
- Emma, what happened?
- I don't know.
First I was in the bathroom,
and I couldn't get the door open
because Maddie--
- Do we really
have to go into details?
- Anyway, the smoke started
filling the room and I was all--
Then suddenly I was,
poof, in the pool.
- We were worried sick.
I was about to call the police.
- It's okay, Francisco.
She probably
got disoriented by the smell
and ended up in the pool.
- The pool is 20 yards away.
[device beeps]
- Fire chief
says we're all clear.
Shoo, back to class
before I start taking names.
- That was so brave
what Daniel did,
the way he rushed off
to save that girl
you locked in the bathroom.
- Daniel must really like her.
- Katie,
you take back what you said
or else
I'll turn your hair red.
[gasps]
- What?
- Nothing.
I just want to let you know
that I totally forgive you
for what you said.
- Me next, me next!
But make mine shocking pink
with glitter strands.
- No.
- No, no!
Not again!
[screams]
- It frames your face perfectly.
Really,
you should be thanking me.
- Chillax, bro.
Nobody knows it was us.
- If we get caught,
the Sharks are donezo.
- We just have
to stick together.
Nobody blabs.
- What about Tony?
- He's a solid guy.
I don't think we have to worry.
- Aah!
- Tony.
- Are you okay?
- Tony?
- We're...in...trouble.
- Shh, shh, shh!
- Not so loud.
What if the principal walks by
and suspects we were responsible
for the white smoke?
- I suspect you were responsible
for the white smoke.
[boys laughing]
- Innocent until proven guilty!
I have the right
to remain silent.
- Shh, shh!
- ♪ Oh, say, can you see ♪
This is America.
- No, we didn't.
- But this is my school,
and I'm giving whoever made the
smoke until tomorrow to confess.
Otherwise,
I'm flunking the entire class.
And sayonara, Sharks.
- Tony, Tony.
- ♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
- We're out of mango, Margo,
but I got you ras--
Are you making a collage?
- No.
I was just, uh,
sitting by your desk and, um,
all your glitter
got stuck to my hand--
- Uh-huh...
- Not to change
the subject or anything but,
uh, what happened
with Maddie today?
- Oh, the usual.
"Daniel is mine.
"You looked left.
You're lying!
I'm a witch."
- Sounds about ri--
Wait, wait, Maddie's a what?
- Well, I overheard her say
that her mom told her
that she's a witch.
- Maddie, a witch?
That's the most terrifying thing
I've heard since...
since, well, ever.
- If she's a witch,
do you think
she knows I might be...
- A witch?
No way.
If witches are real,
and there can only be one
at Iridium High,
it's going to be  moi.
- That's true.
I've heard
a lot of people call you that.
- [gasps]
URSULA: Hi, girls.
Katie?
Oh, honey,
you have got to stop
experimenting with your hair.
Not everyone can work a red fro.
- Tell that to Maddie.
She made me this way.
- Katie!
- You did this?
Okay, girls, time to go home.
Bye, girls.
Ta-ta.
Maddie, I cannot let you toss
around spells like that.
I am gonna teach you
to control your magic
and be a proper witch.
- Quick, for my blog.
This is Miss Information
reporting live.
Tony has just arrived
and seems to be headed
to the principal's office.
Tony is one
of the prime suspects
in yesterday's smoke-ageddon.
He appears to be
turning himself in.
- Mr. Myers,
how can I help you?
- I'm here
to confess about--
- Don't say another word.
I've already confessed.
- Andi?
- Maybe you couldn't find her
because you weren't meant
to find her, because she's
not your soul mate penguin.
I am.
- My what?
- I'm your penguin.
We'll be together forever
like penguins.
- Maddie, give it up.
I have real problems
with the Sharks.
[phone beeping]
- Is that Miss Information's
blog alert?
- Yeah.
I got to go.
- No! Not until you agree
that I'm your penguin.
- Do you really
want to be a penguin
to someone you have
to force to be a penguin?
- Yeah, duh.
That's how it works.
- You don't even know
how to make a smoke bomb, Andi.
- Yes, I do.
So you pour
some liquid into the pot,
and you mix all the other stuff
like on  Iron Chef.
- Right now,
I'm leaning towards Tony.
- I did it.
- Four confessions.
Go ahead, Mr. Davis.
Care to make it five?
- No.
I'm good.
It was all them.
Ow.
Okay, fine, I did it, too.
- Wow, touching.
So...
you think I'm going to be
so moved by this
sad, sad show of solidarity
that, uh,
I won't punish anyone?
- And this, this is
your great Aunt Magdalene,
famous for starting the first
witch coven in America.
- Boring.
- Maddie, you have to know this.
- What for?
I just want to cast some spells,
you know?
Get my evil on.
- You will.
But first, there are many things
you have to learn.
To do,
you must first understand.
Oh, I've wanted
to say that for years.
- Yeah, yeah.
There's this book
called  The Hexerin,
and if you have it
during the eclipse,
you can become the Chosen One.
- Mm-hmm.
- Whatevs.
How do you know
I'm not the Chosen One?
- Well, for one thing,
you don't have the telltale
star-shaped birthmark.
Trust me, I looked.
- [gasps]
- Just be careful,
all right?
Okay, so, um, no crazy hair,
no giant facial feature,
and no sequined pants.
- Okay.
Don't...move.
- Okay, wait, wait.
Okay, go.
- Andi, I'll lose
my concentration.
Stand back.
- Okay, Maddie, let's recap.
In 1600,
your great great great
great great great great
grandmother Alita
discovered  The Hexerin,
which is...
- A book?
- Oh, Maddie Winky!
You know what,
fine.
Apparently, you don't want
to find  The Hexerin
and steal
the Chosen One's powers
during the upcoming eclipse.
Whatever.
- I'm busy that night.
Besides, I already have powers.
- Changing your friend's
hair color?
[whispering]
That is nothing compared with
what you could do if you stole
the Chosen One's powers.
- [whispering] Fine.
What do I have to do?
- The first thing we have to do
is find  The Hexerin.
But we're in luck,
because it's rumored to be
with another witch
right here in Miami.
- There are other witches
in Miami?
- Shh.
Not too many, no.
Which is why
there's a good chance
it's with that new girl, Emma.
[both gasp]
[both squeal]
- Andi has red highlights.
Andi has purple sneakers.
- Uh, come on, you just have
to really mean it.
- Andi has sequined pants.
- Ha-ha.
Concentrate.
- I would like
a brand-new phone,
a jewel-encrusted
golden phone.
- Okay.
Um, using the same word twice
isn't rhyming.
Try harder.
Concentrate.
- Pink sweater,
laptop, jet ski.
- Oh, I like
where this is going.
- North, south, east, west,
Iridium Panthers are the best.
[dramatic music]
- Girls, dinner's ready.
- This isn't working.
What are we missing?
- [sighs]
In the bathroom,
Maddie said something
about spells having a rhyme.
Maybe I should try that.
- Well, as rule, I wouldn't
try anything Maddie does,
but go for it.
- Seems a little obvious,
but...
cherry sprinkles,
ice cream float,
turn Andi into a goat.
Oh, she was right.
It worked.
It's a...
[gasps]
Oh, she was right.
It worked.
- Emma?
[knocking on door]
Emma, you girls okay?
- Uh, we're fine.
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[upbeat pop music]